There once was a boy who had a dog and a pet frog.
He kept the frog in a large jar in his bedroom.
One night while he and his dog were sleeping... the frog climbed out of the jar 😮.
He jumped out of an open window 😮.
When the boy and the dog woke up the next morning, they saw that the jar was empty 😮.
The boy looked everywhere for the frog 😭.
The dog looked for the frog too 😭.
When the dog tried to look in the jar... he got his head stuck 😮.
The boy called out the open window,
“Frog, where are you 😭?”
The dog leaned out the window with the jar still stuck on his head 😁.
The jar was so heavy that the dog fell out of the window head first 😁!
The boy picked up the dog to make sure he was ok.
The dog wasn’t hurt but the jar was smashed 😡.
The boy and the dog looked outside for the frog.
The boy called for the frog.
He called down a hole in the ground while the dog barked at some bees in a skep 😁.
A gopher popped out of the hole and bit the boy right on his nose 😮.
Meanwhile, the dog was still bothering the bees... jumping up on the tree and barking at them 😮.
The skep fell down and all of the bees flew out 😮.
The bees were angry at the dog for ruining their home 😡.
The boy wasn’t paying any attention to the dog.
He had noticed a large hollow in a tree 😮.
So he climbed up the tree and called down the hollow.
All of a sudden an owl swooped out of the tree and knocked the boy to the ground 😮.
The dog ran past the boy as fast as he could because the bees were chasing him 😮.
The owl chased the boy all the way to a large crag.
The boy climbed up on the crag and called again for his frog.
He held onto some branches so he wouldn’t fall.
But the branches weren’t really branches 😁!
They were deer antlers 😮.
The deer picked up the boy on his head 😁.
The deer started running with the boy still on his head 😮.
The dog ran along too.
They were getting close to a bluff 😮.
The deer stopped suddenly and the boy and the dog fell over the edge of the bluff 😁.
There was a bayou down below.
They landed in the bayou with a splash right on top of one another 😁.
They heard a familiar sound 😁.
The boy told the dog to be very quiet😮.
They crept up and looked behind a big billet.
Behind the billet they found the boy’s pet frog.
He had a mother frog with him 😮.
They had some baby frogs and one of them jumped toward the boy 😁.
The baby frog liked the boy and wanted to be his new pet.
The boy and the dog were happy to have a new pet frog to take home 😁.
As they walked away the boy waved and said “goodbye” to his old frog and his family 😭.